Add shell.nix config (#2)
blocky/archive: README.md

archive  set-get
```

> Next, let's check out the help docs.

Author: Add some description on using nix shell (and demo unsafe mode)

```bash

> cd archvie

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd archive
```

./archive.sh help
```

You will be presented with the following scary message:

```
ERROR:
    This script is designed to be run in a pure nix shell.
    While it may work, running outside of a pure nix shell
    may be non-reproducible.

    IN_NIX_SHELL is set to ''.

Aborting:
    You are running with an unchecked configuration.
    If you really want to run this application,
    consider using the '--unsafe' flag.
    For example:
        'archive.sh --unsafe help'
```

> This is because you are not running in a "pure" nix-shell, and so we do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error appears because you are not running in a "pure" nix-shell, and so we do not
```

```bash
make test
```

> You will likely observe that starting the application is kind of slow.  This is

Author: Now that we have the config in shell.nix, we don't need to do this hack.
